---
slug: '/'
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

Traditional credit markets form some of the most robust components of the 
modernfinancial system. These markets are structurally reinforced by 
sophisticated derivative and insurance mechanisms built on top of massive tech 
infrastructure. Even at the individual level, widespread data collection fed 
into reputation systems help mitigate credit risk by disincentivizing borrowers
from default through potential impact on their future borrowing capacity. 
Together, these factors have allowed for the expansive growth of 
undercollateralized lending in TradFi over the past decades.

DeFi has largely benefited from disintermediation since it reduces friction 
while being conducive to innovation. Notwithstanding, this has introduced 
widespread counterparty risk throughout the ecosystem which makes it difficult 
to build robust permissionless undercollateralized onchain credit primitives. 
The capital inefficiency introduced due to lack of undercollateralised credit 
in DeFi inhibits many participants in the space such as sophisticated money 
managers, structured products that depend (or could benefit from) leverage and 
degen traders' looking to optimize long-tail opportunities.

Sentiment aims to solve these capital inefficiencies by providing a 
primitive-based solution to enable permissionless undercollaterised onchain 
credit. Sentiment mitigates the challenge of widespread counterparty risk by
implementing onchain hypothecation. This helps increases capital 
efficiency for borrowers and creates unique ways for other DeFi products to 
access leverage by integrating with Sentiment. A Sentiment "Account", 
the protocol's key primitive, allows users to gain access to greater leverage 
than incumbent money-markets while allowing the borrowed assets to be deployed
across the DeFi ecosystem.
